AltibaseHandler improvements (#1)
colehaanlee/mindsdb: mindsdb/integrations/handlers/altibase_handler/README.md

## Implementation
This handler was implemented using the JDBC drivers provided by Altibase. To establish connection with the database, `JayDeBeApi` library is used. The `JayDeBeApi` module allows you to connect from Python code to databases using Java JDBC.

> Additionally, ODBC connection is also possible using the `pyodbc` library. The `pyodbc` module allows you to connect from Python code to databases using ODBC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, an ODBC connection is also available. The ODBC connection uses the `pyodbc` library, which enables connecting from Python code to databases through ODBC.
```

### The optional arguments to establish a connection are:
* `user`: username asscociated with database
* `password`: password to authenticate your access
* `jar_location`: Jar filename for the JDBC driver

> * `dsn`: datasource name of the Altibase server. Use dsn if you want ODBC connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dsn`: datasource name of the Altibase server. Use dsn if you want to use ODBC connection.
```
